---
layout: post
title: "New Year SMS for 2022"
author: "Iasafro Maesman"
description: "A poem for congratulating New Year in 2022."
excerpt: "A poem for congratulating New Year in 2022."
image: "../imgs/2022.png"
date: 2022-01-01 00:00:00
categories: poem
tags:
- New Year
- SMS
- the stories we tell
#lang: es
lang: en
published: true
---

Trapped in the present,  
the future never arrives,  
the troubles remain.

We dream...  
a future in the present  
—technoscience saving us,  
 everything collapsing—  
but  
a future  
we won't live,  
a future  
we can't live.

Trapped in the present,  
the past never returns,  
the troubles remain.

We dream...  
a past in the present  
—an idyllic utopia,  
 a narrated memory—  
but  
a past  
we didn't live,  
a past  
we can't live.

Trapped in the present,  
we continue living  
with all the troubles.  

Trapped in the present,  
we must imagine,  
not a present future  
—our stories aren't ending—,  
not a future past  
—our stories aren't written—,  
but an ongoing life  
with all its troubles.

Because only with the troubles,  
with all their tiny details,  
it's this forward-time-trip a life.

A life with many stories:  
stories that cannot be skipped,  
stories that we tell each other,  
stories that we will write.

A life with many stories  
that we have still to imagine,  
that we have still to live,  
but not in the abstract,  
but in the day-to-day,  
but in the place-to-place,  
but with all the troubles.

Happy 2\*3\*337 !  
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
< div class="blockabstract">
Each year, I send an SMS congratulating the new year to my friends and acquiatances exactly when the new year arrives. Each SMS contains a poem or a poetic/lyric text whose thematic varies from year to year. This tradition of my own goes back to several years ago—although I can't remenber when I started. As from this moment, I will be sharing these SMSs also in this blog.
</div>
